[doc][yba] S3-compatible storage (#25506)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/back-up-restore-universes/configure-backup-storage.md

## Amazon S3

You can configure Amazon S3 and S3-compatible storage as your backup target.

> Note: Using S3-compatible storage requires support for S3 path style access. To ensure that you can use this feature, navigate to `https://<my-yugabytedb-anywhere-ip>/features` and enable the **enablePathStyleAccess** option.

Author: ```suggestion
{{< note title="S3-compatible storage requires S3 path style access" >}}
By default, the option to use S3 path style access is not available. To ensure that you can use this feature, navigate to `https://<my-yugabytedb-anywhere-ip>/features` and enable the **enablePathStyleAccess** option.
{{< /note >}}
```
